---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "wistia_media Resource - terraform-provider-wistia"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Wistia media. See the API documentation https://wistia.com/support/developers/data-api#medias for more details.
---

# wistia_media (Resource)

A Wistia media. See the [API documentation](https://wistia.com/support/developers/data-api#medias) for more details.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **project_id** (String) The identifier for the Wistia project that will host this media.

### Optional

- **file** (String) A path to a file on disk that will be uploaded to Wistia.
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **name** (String) The display name of the media.
- **url** (String) A URL to a file that will be uploaded to Wistia.

### Read-Only

- **created** (String) The date when the media was originally uploaded.
- **description** (String) The description for the media which usually appears near teh top of the sidebar on the media's page.
- **duration** (Number) Specifies the length (in seconds) for audio and video files. Specifies the number of pages in the document. Omitted for other types of media.
- **hashed_id** (String) A unique alphanumeric identifier for this media.
- **media_id** (Number) A unique numeric identifier for the media within the system.
- **section** (String) The title of the section in which the media appears. This attribute is omitted if the media is not in a section (default).
- **status** (String) Post upload processing status. There are four statuses: queued, processing, ready, and failed.
- **type** (String) A string representing what type of media this is. Values can be Video, Audio, Image, PdfDocument, MicrosoftOfficeDocument, Swf, or UnknownType.
- **updated** (String) The date when the media was last changed.


